# Order is important; the last matching pattern takes the most precedence.

# Platform team owns everything by default

- @jnsdls @joaquim-verges @MananTank

# legacy packages

legacy_packages/auth/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/chains/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/cli/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/contracts-js/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/crypto/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/generated-abis/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/merkletree/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/pay/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/payments/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/react/ @MananTank @jnsdls
legacy_packages/react-core/ @MananTank @jnsdls
legacy_packages/react-native/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/react-native-compat/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/sdk/ @joaquim-verges @jnsdls
legacy_packages/storage/ @jnsdls
legacy_packages/wallets/ @MananTank @jnsdls

# legacy e2e

legacy_e2e/ @jnsdls

# packages

## specific thirdweb pieces

packages/thirdweb/src/react/ @MananTank
packages/thirdweb/src/reactive/ @MananTank
packages/thirdweb/src/gas/ @joaquim-verges
packages/thirdweb/src/pay/ @MananTank @IDubuque

packages/typedoc-gen/ @MananTank

# owned by phil for now

packages/service-utils/ @arcoraven
packages/eslint-config-thirdweb/ @jnsdls
packages/tw-tsconfig/ @jnsdls
packages/unity-js-bridge/ @joaquim-verges @0xFirekeeper

# .github folder + .changeset + turbo config is owned by jonas for now

scripts/ @jnsdls
.github/ @jnsdls
.changeset/config.json @jnsdls
turbo.json @jnsdls
