README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <br />
    <a href="https://thirdweb.com">
        <img src="https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/js/blob/main/packages/sdk/logo.svg?raw=true" width="200" alt=""/></a>
    <br />
</p>

<h1 align="center"><a href='https://thirdweb.com/'>thirdweb</a> JavaScript/TypeScript monorepo</h1>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/js/actions/workflows/build-test-lint.yml">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/js/actions/workflows/build-test-lint.yml/badge.svg"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/thirdweb">
        <img alt="Join our Discord!" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/834227967404146718.svg?color=7289da&label=discord&logo=discord&style=flat"/>
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center"><strong>Best in class web3 SDKs for Browser, Node and Mobile apps</strong></p>

## Packages

| Package                                  | Description                                                          | Latest Version                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ---------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [/sdk](./packages/sdk)                   | Best in class web3 SDK for Browser, Node and Mobile apps             | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/sdk"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/sdk?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>                   |
| [/wallets](./packages/wallets)                   | Unified web3 Wallet library to integrate any wallet into your applications.             | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/wallets"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/wallets?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>                   |
| [/react](./packages/react)               | Ultimate collection of React hooks for your web3 apps                | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/react"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/react?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>               |
| [/react-native](./packages/react-native) | Ultimate collection of React hooks for your native mobile web3 apps  | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/react-native"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/react-native?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a> |
| [/auth](./packages/auth)                 | Best in class wallet authentication for Node backends                | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/auth"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/auth?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>                 |
| [/storage](./packages/storage)           | Best in class decentralized storage SDK for Browser and Node         | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/storage"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/storage?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>           |
| [/cli](./packages/cli)                   | Publish and deploy smart contracts without dealing with private keys | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/thirdweb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/thirdweb?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>                                     |

## Documentation

Visit [https://portal.thirdweb.com/](https://portal.thirdweb.com/) to view the full documentation.

<br />

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from all developers, regardless of experience level. If you are interested in contributing, please read our [Contributing Guide](.github/contributing.md) where you'll learn how the repo works, how to test your changes, and how to submit a pull request.

<br />

## Community

The best place to discuss your ideas, ask questions, and troubleshoot issues is our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/thirdweb).

<br/>

## Security

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any of our packages, we kindly ask you not to open a public issue; and to disclose this to us by emailing `security@thirdweb.com`.

Commit message:

add chains to readme table

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <br />
    <a href="https://thirdweb.com">
        <img src="https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/js/blob/main/packages/sdk/logo.svg?raw=true" width="200" alt=""/></a>
    <br />
</p>

<h1 align="center"><a href='https://thirdweb.com/'>thirdweb</a> JavaScript/TypeScript monorepo</h1>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/js/actions/workflows/build-test-lint.yml">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/js/actions/workflows/build-test-lint.yml/badge.svg"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/thirdweb">
        <img alt="Join our Discord!" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/834227967404146718.svg?color=7289da&label=discord&logo=discord&style=flat"/>
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center"><strong>Best in class web3 SDKs for Browser, Node and Mobile apps</strong></p>

## Packages

| Package                                  | Description                                                                 | Latest Version                                                                                                                                                                             |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [/sdk](./packages/sdk)                   | Best in class web3 SDK for Browser, Node and Mobile apps                    | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/sdk"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/sdk?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>                   |
| [/wallets](./packages/wallets)           | Unified web3 Wallet library to integrate any wallet into your applications. | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/wallets"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/wallets?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>           |
| [/react](./packages/react)               | Ultimate collection of React hooks for your web3 apps                       | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/react"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/react?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>               |
| [/react-native](./packages/react-native) | Ultimate collection of React hooks for your native mobile web3 apps         | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/react-native"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/react-native?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a> |
| [/auth](./packages/auth)                 | Best in class wallet authentication for Node backends                       | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/auth"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/auth?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>                 |
| [/storage](./packages/storage)           | Best in class decentralized storage SDK for Browser and Node                | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/storage"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/storage?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>           |
| [/cli](./packages/cli)                   | Publish and deploy smart contracts without dealing with private keys        | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/thirdweb"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/thirdweb?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>                                     |
| [/chains](./packages/chains)             | All EVM chain information as JS objects for easy handling                   | <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@thirdweb-dev/chains"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@thirdweb-dev/chains?color=red&label=npm&logo=npm" alt="npm version"/></a>             |

## Documentation

Visit [https://portal.thirdweb.com/](https://portal.thirdweb.com/) to view the full documentation.

<br />

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from all developers, regardless of experience level. If you are interested in contributing, please read our [Contributing Guide](.github/contributing.md) where you'll learn how the repo works, how to test your changes, and how to submit a pull request.

<br />

## Community

The best place to discuss your ideas, ask questions, and troubleshoot issues is our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/thirdweb).

<br/>

## Security

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any of our packages, we kindly ask you not to open a public issue; and to disclose this to us by emailing `security@thirdweb.com`.
